c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe.config
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.pdb
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.g.resources
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.pdb
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_Content.g.cs
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe.config
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.pdb
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.exe
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MyHW_Students.pdb
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_Content.g.cs
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.g.resources
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Projects\C#\2015\MyHW\MyHW\MyHW_Students\obj\Debug\MyHW_Students.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
