c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.exe.config
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.exe
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.pdb
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.g.resources
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.exe
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers.pdb
c:\Users\Kaloyan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyHW\MyHW_Teachers\obj\Debug\MyHW_Teachers_Content.g.cs
